Function find()

Logic -> 
Since titles loosely follow a pattern, with the name of the product being first, and technical information
being last, the function attempts to strip away layers of information one at a time.

Subfunctions:
1)
At first pass, it removes 
brand name
groupings
product series names that follow a pattern ^\w+\s\d{2}\s 

2)
It then recursively splits the title on numeric characters, from right to left
and marks the splits with a pipe "|". 
Example:

Product Dimension SKU -> Product | Dimension | SKU
Κορνιζα 30x30 εκ. ΑΒ1234 -> Κορνιζα | 30x30 εκ. | ΑΒ1234

3)
Checks the rightmost split if it matches a pattern for SKU.
SKU can be 
Alphanumeric with letters first and numbers second
Numbers only 
Numbers with dashes or dots 
Greater than 3 characters in length

If positive, it removes SKU from title and stores it in a variable

4)
Attempts to find technical characteristics related to volume
Unlike dimensions, volume is far more likely to be marked with a metric unit
Possible words are liters and milliliters and their shorthands like ML L and greek counterparts

If positive, it removes it from title and stores it in a variable

5)
Attempls to isolate information inside parenthesis.
Almost all information enclosed in parenthesis is either dimensions or miscellaneous characteristics
of the product.

If positive, it removes them from title and store them in a variable

6)
Removes the "head" of the title, meaning the part up to the first pipe ("|").
The head is considered the most likely text to directly reference the product type.

7)
Checks the tail to see if it contains ONLY the product dimensions.
The pattern for dimensions is either "\d[X]\d ε?κ?" or "\d εκ"

If positive, it removes the tail completely and stores it in a variable.
If there are more than 2 words in the tail, it does nothing.

----------------

At this point, anything that can safely be isolated has already been done so.
Unless there is a bug, the chance of categorizing the wrong information is minuscule
and probably has to do with typos.

Titles that contain the words ΣΕ and ΜΕ are very verbose and can describe anything
imaginable, so the function splits both the head and tail at these points with a pipe "|" 
and ends.

----------------

Going forward:

Deal with titles that don't contain the words "ΣΕ", "ΜΕ" and "+".
Extracting colors and materials from these titles are the most likely to
be correct.

The problem is that if the title contains these characters, it's hard to know
if the characteristics reference the product or some detail about the product.
For Example: 
Βαζο Με Κοκκινο Καπακι Κεραμικο Κιτρινο

The title contains 2 words but only yellow is relevant.






